Well, praise the Lord. Let me know when some people are showing up.
I don't see it yet. Can you hear us? Yeah. Can you hear us? Is it loud and clear?
Yep. They can hear us. Well, good evening, family. I won't say good morning today. Well, it's morning always somewhere.
People say, "Why do you always say morning, Brandon?"I say, "Well, because it's morning somewhere, but good evening here in America. I feel in my heart we have much prayer to do.
That's why I keep doing these lives."You know, yesterday we did the live broadcast and we had 6,700 people praying with us at a time altogether within that time span.
Braden said, "Dad, we had over 50,000 people praying."And so we give all the glory to God for that.
That all 50,000 of you at one point of that hour and a half, two hours, whatever it was, were praying for Charlie and his family and for our beautiful nation.
So 50,000 people is a lot and I believe that many hands make light work.
So my heart tonight is to come and pray as a family again for the capture of this man that did this heinous act, that we would help aid and assist in prayer the FBI, Homeland Security, and that there would be no rock, no cave, no cabin, no hotel room, nor any place at all that would be able to harbor this man, that he would be exposed and brought to justice swiftly, that this would not be a long drawn out process, that this would be a quick work.
And so I already feel in my heart it's been too long. He needs to be brought to justice.
But what we know in the spirit, as I have been praying over this all day today, is there's more than one.
I know there was one shooter, but there is more than one person that has accompanied this man and that is involved with this.
This is a lot deeper of a rabbit hole than what people realize.
And so I was visited—and I'll say this carefully—I was visited by the Lord prophetically last night very late and He gave me the layout of a big scheme of things and He told me, "I will not allow you to put this on a public platform,"what He has told me of a deeper, darker plan that is much more involved than what anyone could ever realize.
And so whenever He was giving me so much detail, it was alarming, but at the same time, when you flow with the Spirit of the Lord, I just can't comprehend that kind of evil because His word is not evil.
But when you see that people are demonically energized, you know, the Bible says we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but we wrestle against principalities and powers and spirits of wickedness in high places.
We wrestle against demonic spirits. The principalities are working through personalities.
So the people are just yielded vessels to a demonic spirit in any area.
The devil will work through a personality, will work through a person.
So that's what we're praying for tonight, to pray for confusion in the enemy's camp, that the plots and the plans of the wicked will be uncovered and the innocent lives will be spared.
The innocent lives will be spared. We have a job to do. And that's why the Lord, I believe with all my heart, has raised us up for such a time as this.
If you go back to one of my very first dreams that I had concerning YouTube, I was walking out of this building and it was a school cafeteria, and the Lord said, "I've called you to go in there and teach the children.
I want you to teach them how to pray."And out of disobedience, I walked out and I said, "I don't want to do this assignment."And a whirlwind whipped me around and put me back at the school building.
And He said, "Go teach My people to pray."And I said, "Yes, Lord."So I opened the door and I went in and there was a school auditorium and it was full of children that needed to learn how to pray.
And He said, "Teach My people to pray. Go and pray."So I took that assignment and that's what we've been doing.
I saw the sky was split in half and the moon was turning into darkness and I could hear the air raid sirens blowing all around and I knew there was a storm coming. I knew there was a storm coming.
And the purpose of this channel, for this YouTube broadcast, is always to bring glory to God, to deflect always to Him, to always let you know that Brandon Biggs is just a vessel that is used by the Father and that anybody can do it.
Anybody can pray. I want you to know that He'll use you right where you are if you just say yes.
And so the other part is to pray for us to change things as we see the days approaching.
It's getting darker and darker, and Diana and I, we're so excited that you all would show up on a daily basis.
And I'm not here to ramble, but I want you to be very serious and really engaged tonight. We have work to do.
We saw through his sister in an email that when I told you all about Alabama—and I saw Alabama, you know, when you're talking in front of thousands of people, I try not to be, as I told Di, I said, "I'm more bold whenever I'm just talking to us and I'm making a video versus a live feed."But when I saw Alabama and I saw the Crimson and I said, "There's a planned mass event at this place,"and I saw Texas and I saw college campuses, to pray for college football games and tailgate parties.
Then an article comes out today saying that there were threats made at these places.
So we know we're on the right trail. We're hearing the news before the news has the news.
And that's why we know we're on target praying for protection over our young people at the college campuses and at the tailgate parties because the Lord told me, He said, "Brandon, there'll be a great move of My Spirit, a great revival on college campuses around the United States.
It will not just be—it'll be like popcorn."That's whenever you take a pan of coconut oil and the popcorn seeds and you heat it up.
You don't know which popcorn's going to pop first, but you just know in anticipation that the more you heat it up, the more the heat comes on those corn kernels, it's going to start to have a reaction and the popcorn's coming.
So we know that what the Spirit of the Lord has warned us, He does.
He told us, He said, "I'm going to do something unusual with My college campuses around the United States of America."Specifically, there will be a major move of God, a major harvest of souls with the young people.
And it would start with the young people. You'll start to see a major glory in the college campuses.
So I'm believing even tonight that if you have young people at a college campus, that the fire starts with them, that they'll be spiritual—I'm not saying physical, but spiritual—arsonists, that they would set the fire.
Like William Seymour: "Dip me in the kerosene of Thy Spirit, set my heart ablaze that I may burn for You."I know that there has to be—there's that point in time where we're going to see that wave, the beginning of the fruit of this major revival throughout America and around the world.
I know there's places that are seeing things, but we have not seen very much yet in America. And I believe that there's a great shaking to awaken.
And from what I saw last night, I would love to be able to tell maybe the authorities, like the Secret Service or whatever, for the detail that I saw concerning an attack against America and in certain places.
I saw more about the ten cities, great detail about the ten cities last night.
And this was very heavy and I prayed and interceded for this for a long time. And so that's what we're going to pray over tonight.
But our main priority is to pray for this man and all the people who helped him to be brought to justice quickly.
Okay. So y'all want to go tubing? I'm not going to—I don't have anything else other than that. I've dumped out for the last several days.
And I told Diana, I go, 'I've got to get refreshed, but at the same time, I feel an urgency to pray.'So, how many people are here?
2,600. Okay. You can take communion. We're going to take communion.
I never go into the river until I take communion first. You know me, I always make sure I cover all my bases.
And so, Father, we just lift up the body before you. We thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we are healed.
And we believe we receive everything that you have for us. We will lack no good thing, Lord.
And we are healed in our flesh, in our minds, in our bodies, everything. We're made whole because of this body.
You took it all on the cross for us to walk in victory over every area of our life—mentally, physically, financially, all of it.
You took it for us to have an abundant life. And I believe, Father, that I receive that abundant life right now by faith, that I will lack nothing.
I will lack no good thing. I will walk in the abundant believing.
I'm a believing believer who walks in the abundance in Jesus'name.
And we take this body, and we thank you, Lord, that you died for us and you rose again on that third day.
And Father, I thank you that you're making intercession for us and you're seated at the right hand of the Father.
I give you all the glory, honor, and praise. Father, we take this body in Jesus'name.
Amen. Now, Lord, we thank you for the blood. And I plead the blood of Jesus all around my house.
I plead the blood of Jesus all around my car, my finances, over my children, over my wife, over even our dogs.
I plead the blood of Jesus over us, Father, for it never loses its power. And we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
You said a thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
I thank you, Lord, that every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
Every word, every spell, every incantation, every chant, every voodoo, anything that tries to come against us in the spiritual realm falls to our feet.
It does not bear fruit of any kind in the name of Jesus. We plead the blood of Jesus against it.
And we thank you, Lord. I thank you, Lord, that whom God has blessed, no man can curse.
I thank you for the blessing. The blessing and the favor of God follows me all the days.
For goodness and mercy follow me all the days of my life, and I'll dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
I thank you, Lord, for that blood. I thank you, Lord, that we make much of that blood tonight. We plead the blood of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for angels and aid and assistance all around this house, all around us, that your angels are bearing us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood. We thank you, Lord, for your covenant.
We thank you, Lord, that we have much favor because of you, Lord, and we give you, Father, all the glory, honor, and praise.
For you said, 'If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto you.'And I thank you, Father, in the name of Jesus, for that anointing, burden-removing, yoke-destroying power that flows on the inside of us in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen. You take the blood. You say, 'Well, that's different.'Yep, that is.
I take it in the way the Lord tells me to. So, I've just been reading over Ephesians.
You really—I'm going to say this: in all the times of being serious about your covenant, serious about who you are in Christ, this is more of an alert time than ever before.
This is a time like never before that you are awake and don't have a spiritual slumber about you.
It's time for you to arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you.
It's time for you to be the salt in this earth like never before, wherever you are, being that voice similar to Charlie.
We've watched a lot of his videos—Diana did today—of everything that that man said and what he stood for, and, man, it blesses.
She said, 'Man, it challenges me when you see somebody who stood and died for the cause of Christ like a martyr, and you see what they meant to so many people and the impartation of wisdom that he had.'It was Holy Ghost-given.
I'm telling you, that's not normal to be that witty. You know when the spirit of God is on somebody.
And there are so many people criticizing in emails and things, saying, 'Brandon, you see so much. Why didn't you see this?
If you truly have a gift and God shows you things, how come you didn't see this?'And I can only tell you that I only see in part, and I hear in part, and it's as the Spirit wills.
I don't have control over it. And He shows me what I'm supposed to see for that day.
And obviously, He did not see that I needed to see that. I'm not God. And I am telling you this: I am far from anything cool.
I'm going to tell you, I'm only filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, like I pray you all are.
And as I develop and I see things, I try to wrap my mind around it.
I ask the Lord all the time, 'Lord, we could have been praying for him more.
We could...'You take it personally. Lord, help us. I don't want to see a brother in the Lord die like that.
I don't want to see anybody have a tragic event like that. But all I can tell you is that we live in a fallen world and sometimes things happen.
And at the same time, it's like when people try to say to us, 'How come you didn't see Megan getting that shot and all that happened to her?'I said, 'That morning when I went to the doctor's office and they gave it to her, I heard the Spirit of the Lord yelling, "Do not do it!"But I disobeyed out of fear of that virus versus trusting that God was telling me not to do something.'I don't know where He was.
I don't know where anybody is when something tragic happens. That's not my place to judge.
But I'm going to tell you this: I believe that God is an ever-present help in a time of need, and we stay on the Lord's side even when we don't understand it.
We don't go, 'Well, God did this, He did that.'No, I don't believe God's a kill, steal, and destroy God.
Regardless of what we go through and how hard things seem to be sometimes, God is a good God and the devil is a bad devil.
So, there's a lot of people asking, 'Brandon, why? Why? Why?'I don't know why.
I don't know why. And that's a good enough answer. I don't know why.
I don't have a clue, to be real with you. But all I know is that God is a good God and the devil's a bad devil. And that's where I stay.
I stay on God's side, and I don't sit there trying to have an arrogant ego, going, 'Well, why didn't you see this?'I don't know.
I don't know. It wasn't meant for me to see. I don't see everything.
There are a lot of things even in my own life. That's called God working with an imperfect vessel.
He has a perfect message going through an imperfect vessel, and the pipe sometimes can get clogged.
And He tells us, 'I need you to come up higher. I need you to come up higher, with the fire.
I need you to sit at my throne. I need you to be a part of this glorious outpouring.
Brandon, I need you to die to self more. I need you to rise up.'And so that's where we are right now.
We're a work in progress. Every single one of us, we're a work in progress.
So we give all the glory to Jesus. But I just want you to know that so much ignorance...
I know hurting people hurt others. That's what Diana said. Hurting people hurt others and they don't get it.
But we want to love you from afar. I'm just going to love you. Let me bless you out here as you throw rocks at me.
So, God bless y'all. Let's pray. Let's get serious about this.
I just wanted to address that a little bit. Maybe I should have, maybe I shouldn't have.
I don't know. But I just felt it in my heart to do it because some things annoyed me.
I just go, 'Whatever, man.'But praise God for people. I know people are just hurting.
All right. Well, let's pray. 'There's Brandon. Don't go on no rants.
Shut up, Brandon.'All right. So, Father, we just lift our head up to you before the Lord.
We just lift ourselves up before you. We sit in your throne room.
We're seated with you right now. We're seated with you. And we thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, that there are things that we can pray out right now through you, Holy Spirit.
There are things right now that we can grasp and we'll pull them in.
We're going to pull them down. We're going to hit the target, right? We're going to hit the target.
Instead of hitting way over here and way over here, we're going to hit it right on the bullseye.
And I believe the only way you can do that is by praying in the spirit, praying in tongues.
According to Acts chapter 2, if you don't know what tongues is, there's so many people asking, 'What are you praying?
What language is that, Brandon? I don't understand all that.'What I'm trying to tell you all is this is your secret language.
It's your language that you talk to the Father. That is a secret language.
And if you want to know more about that, get the book Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin. It helps me so much. Find that book. It's a short little read.
It's like this little bitty book. You probably read it in less than 20 or 30 minutes. I don't know. Yeah.
Read that book over and over and over again and meditate on it, and then ask the Father to fill you.
And if you Google it, you can probably find it for free. Yeah, you can Google it.
I think it's the first listing on Google. Well, it's a blessing.
And so, I'm just trying to help y'all because there's so many people... because the church doesn't talk about it anymore.
There's a lot of seeker-friendly churches that don't talk about the baptism of the Spirit anymore.
They won't even let people pray in tongues in the church because they think you'll scare off the new people.
I'm going to tell you this: I don't know where I'd be without the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
I told Diana—we were talking about it today—how in the world do people make it with where we are in the signs of the times and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
How do they make it every day without Jesus? How do they make it every day without the baptism of the Holy Spirit?
We pray in tongues more than we do English because we run out of English words. And so I pray in the spirit, I mean a lot.
And I'm not here to flex and go, 'Well, I pray this many hours a day.'It doesn't matter how much Brandon prays in tongues.
What matters is about touching the throne room of God and helping folks.
And I'm going to tell you this: I pray more in the spirit than I do in English because I've learned it's my go-to.
I don't want to call it a crutch, but it is what I lean on. And it's how you operate in the spirit.
It's how you are filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost to overflow.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need. But I'm telling you, it's our power.
It's our power gift. It's what stirs you up. It's what gets you from point A to point B. A, B, C, D, whatever.
You're going to get down the road faster than you would if you just are praying in English.
That's what I'm trying to say, because they are perfect prayers.
So if you want to know what I'm doing, that's what I'm trying to tell you all because I'm trying to educate you a little bit before I jump in the river.
So I'm going to go, and people say, 'What's tubing?'I say it's the river of life.
It's the Holy Ghost river. I call it that. That's why I say, 'Let's go tubing.'You know when you go down...
and, you know, down here in the South, there's rivers, and a lot of times people get in big black inner tubes and they go floating down the lazy river, and they have something to drink or whatever, and you have your radio or your phone, and you're going down and you're just having a good time.
It's just a time of relaxation. A lot of Southern people, maybe if you live in the South, you know what I'm talking about.
I know there might not be a lot of people doing that now, but it was a real big thing.
You know, people get in the tube and go tubing down the river.
So I want to tell you all, that's what I'm saying when I say, 'Let's go tubing.'It's a Southern thing.
I don't know, some people just might not get it at all, but I get it.
So, glory to God. Let's go tubing. That's what I'm trying to tell y'all. Thank you, Father.
Lord, we just give you all the glory and praise, Father, right now in the name of Jesus.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Praises to your name, oh Lord.
Lord, we praise you, Father. We worship you. We enter into your throne room with thanksgiving and praise.
We enter into your courts with thanksgiving and praise. We enter into that throne seated at your feet saying, 'Daddy, we thank you for all that you've done for us.
Thank you for all that you've done for us. Thank you that you're so real to us.
Father, you could have chosen any one of these other people, but Father, you tipped your hat towards us and you said, 'I choose you today to do this for me.'And I just want to say thank you.
Thank you for the opportunity tonight to worship your name publicly.
Thank you for the opportunity tonight to lift up your name publicly and tell people that Jesus Christ is Lord.
Holy Spirit, we ask you to help us to pray right now. For we know not all the things that we need to pray.
So we ask you to pray through us and help us to hit the target of where these people are, where we are in the signs of the times, that Father, we would hit this target right on, smack dab.
And that it would not be flesh prayers, but it would be Holy Ghost prayers, spirit-led prayers in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father. We thank you, Lord, that we're that vessel.
And if you want to use us, use us. We thank you, Father. We give you praise and glory and honor for it right now.
We say, 'Fill our cup, Lord.'There are so many dry tonight. There are so many dry and thirsty tonight.
And we say, 'Fill our cup, Lord. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up.
Lord, come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up. Lord, come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.'Think about what you're saying when you're singing that.
If you know the words, 'Feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, I lift it up and make me whole.
Fill me up, Lord. I need a fresh touch today. I'm desperate for you today.
I need to be drinking from that living water that flows from your throne.
I'm dry. I've poured out today. I've poured out myself, Father.
And I need a re-infilling, sitting at your feet today. We worship you, Father.
And there's nothing that I will ever lack seated next to you.
I lay my head upon your chest, listening to you breathe. I lay my head upon your chest, listening.
I know the Father is a spirit. He doesn't breathe, but I believe there's a breath of God that comes.
There's a breath that comes out of Him. He's not like flesh and blood; I get that.
But at the same time, we're created in His image, and He breathed the breath of life into me all the time.
Every single day, the Spirit of the Lord breathes that life into me.
That's what I'm talking about. That gives me a fresh infilling.
It's breathing life into me, giving me that strength to carry on. For His burden is easy and His yoke is light.
And that's where it's at—where the yoke is light, His burden is easy. Thank you, Father. He said He would give us rest.
He would give us rest tonight for all the things that we—if you're weary and heavy laden, all these things that we're seeing on the news, all this stuff.
I see so many people: 'Oh, I'm in fear. I'm so bothered. I've got all this stuff.'We take our care out of our prayer.
Be careful for nothing, but in everything, let your requests be made known unto the Father.
That's what the Bible says to do. Be careful for nothing. I will not take the care of this world on my shoulders; it's not mine to carry. But I cast all my cares upon you today, Lord.
With all the drama going on right now, all the stuff with wars and rumors of wars, earthquakes, and people shooting people, and all this craziness—my kids going to school, you got your kids in college, you got to worry about people trying to do bad things all the time, stabbing you in the subway—I mean, there's so much darkness.
And if you take the care of this, it will choke the life out of you spiritually to the point where you go, 'I feel like I need to go be like a turtle and hide in my shell, and be an ostrich hiding in the corner because you just don't know where the next blow's coming.'And that's where we cannot be.
We stay at a place of rest. We stay at the place at His feet and say, 'Father, I know you know that I have needs.
You know where I'm at, and you fill my cup. I lift it up and you make me whole.'That's why I sing that all the time; it's personal to me. That song is personal to me.
I don't know all the words to it, but that part that I do, I sing it with all I've got because I believe: 'Here's my cup, Lord, I lift it up.
Can you just make me whole?'I've leaked out a lot today, and the only one that can satisfy that thirst is the living water from His throne.
The only one that's ever going to touch the needs of my soul is Jesus Christ.
There's no drugs, there's no alcohol, there's no sex, there's no money.
A lot of people seeking money—they think money is going to fill you.
The more money you get, the more it doesn't fill you. It doesn't fill you. You're still empty.
That's why you have Hollywood celebrities that have millions, hundreds of millions of dollars, that self-harm.
They end their lives because they still don't have that itch filled. They've sought everything.
They got celebrity, they got fame, they got money, they've got power, and yet they're still empty at the end of the day.
And they're still looking, saying, 'I believe.'That's why U2, that group, 'I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For'—they're still trying to find it. But where is that? It's at His throne.
If they still seek Him, they say, 'Well, I've touched the hem.'I say, 'No, I don't believe that.'Because if you truly touched it, you would find what you're looking for.
Because I'm telling you folks, when you're dry and you've been over there and you think, 'Man, I don't know where to go, I don't know where to turn,'every time I turn back to Him, I go, 'That anointing.'That's why we're Holy Ghost junkies.
I told her, I said, 'Let's go. Let's find more services where you can get impartation from the Spirit of God.'How hungry, how desperate are you for change in your life?
You're not going to get it doing what you did before. You have to do something different.
To do the same thing and expect different results is insanity, right?
But yet people keep doing the exact same thing, going to the exact same drug, the exact same sexual perversion, the alcohol, and they go from alcohol bottle to alcohol bottle trying to fill themselves up with something that they'll never fill it up with.
But yet it satisfies maybe that itch and numbs the pain just for a little bit.
But I'm talking about a living water that you'll never thirst again.
And yeah, you get the infilling, and He fills you up, and fills you up, and fills you up because you leak out, because you're always dumping to the world.
That's why we must be being filled with the Holy Spirit because people pull on you. We're learning that a lot.
But I'm going to tell you, the same Holy Spirit that fills Brandon and Diana will fill you right where you are—in your house, in your car, at your place of work, at the gym right now, wherever you may be.
He'll fill you up to the overflow. He's no respecter of persons, but He is a gentleman.
He will not come uninvited. He will knock on your door as a polite gentleman: 'Will you let me in?
Will you let me in?'And so many people think, 'Well, how come God's done this?'No, He's a gentleman, very proper: 'Will you let me in?'He's at your door and He's knocking.
And so many people say, 'I don't hear God.'I don't believe that.
The Bible says His sheep will hear His voice, and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
I believe with all my heart that He will speak to you right where you are in your house.
He'll speak to you. He's that still small voice inside of you.
He's not thundering, 'Hello, I'm here to talk to you today!'It's still, small, gentle, quiet.
And the more you develop it, the more you listen and the more you yield: 'Father, here am I.
Fill me. I'm thirsty. I'm hungry.'Diana doesn't have to yell for me to know her voice.
She can be at the other side of the room and just barely speak, and I know exactly that's her.
You know why? Because I've practiced being around her. I'm familiar with her.
And the more you become familiar with the Father by reading His word on a day-to-day basis—reading His Bible, reading and praying—you will become familiar with Him, and the louder His voice will become within you.
The reason why a lot of you say, 'I don't hear Him,'is because you've not spent enough time at His feet and you've not read enough of His word.
And you get this word down, and it will change you from the inside out.
So that's why I would try to tell you—because I felt to say that tonight—that God's not hiding from you. He said, 'Those that seek me will find me.
Those that knock, I'll open the door.'So, yeah, there is kind of like a—how hungry, how desperate are you seeking Him, and you'll find Him.
There is a point of pursuit. You have to pursue Him. How bad do you want your life changed?
It's not lazy, and there's no microwave. It's a slow cooker.
Relationship with the Lord seems to be a slow cooker. It's not a microwave, but it's worth it.
When you cook something in a slow cooker, it tastes a lot better than it does in a microwave.
And the more you cook in that slow cooker, you're thinking, 'That tastes really good,'versus, 'I microwaved that pizza, and that is nasty.'There is a difference.
And it is those tugs—it's like trying to explain it to my little girl.
She's always, 'Daddy, how do you hear God like you do?'It's the little tugs.
It's learning. It's a dance. He leads, I follow. It's a dance.
It's like having a beautiful ballroom dance that you dance with the Holy Spirit, like you would see a beautiful couple dancing.
And you dance, and you let him lead, and you follow. But it's very beautiful, and it's not forceful.
It's not like, 'We got to make this happen,'all chaos. It's very beautiful.
It's a symphony. It flows when you jump in the river and you go down the lazy river. It's a symphony.
And the more you become close to him, you flow in that river in a greater capacity.
I can hear now when other people pray beside me in my personal time.
And I know certain people in their prayer when they're praying beside me.
The Lord will have you in the spirit realm; they're assigned to pray for the same thing.
And I'll say, 'Oh, that's that sister from such-and-such place.'I'll know that.
Usually the Lord will reveal to me how old they are, where they are, and who they are, and they're praying beside me because you can feel it.
It's a symphony, you know. One might be the drums, one might be the saxophone, one might be the tuba, one might be the baritone, whatever.
All these different instruments—the clarinet, all these beautiful noises—make an orchestra before the Father.
And I know when the flute comes in, whenever the sister that plays the flute—you know what I'm saying?
That's what I'm trying to do; I'm trying to make it as easy as I can for y'all.
But the more you start flowing with the Spirit of God, you can intertwine.
You can pray with people in the middle of the night, and you get familiar. And I say, 'I know who that is praying.
I know who that is praying.'I may not know her personally, but I know that feeling because they helped me pray before.
And it's just getting familiar with the Spirit of God. And people, your brothers and sisters in Christ, you'll feel them praying with you.
I know that may sound really way out there, but it's just developed.
It just takes time. Praying with people at the church, you add your supply. That's what I'm trying to tell you. You add your supply.
You know, when they're not there at church and they're not praying with you, they add their supply when they come, and you come together.
Many hands make light work, and when they're not there, you feel their absence.
That's why I said it's all hands on deck, even with this channel, us coming together and praying together more and more, praying as a family.
Because you live in Australia, and you live in New Zealand, and you live—I mean, I have people all over the world now praying.
Some say, 'Well, I live in South America, in Brazil,'and all these other places, and I go, 'Wow, that's amazing, we pray with you the whole time.'And some say, 'Well, we live in South Africa.'People say, 'I pray with you in South Africa every day,'and I go, 'Wow, that's amazing, in South Africa.
Wow, what a blessing.'But every one of us brings our supply to the need of what we're praying for that day, as the Lord has given us opportunity through this camera.
Isn't that wonderful? So, I just feel like I should say some of that stuff because there's so many people that do not know.
And as you develop and as you pray, you'll jump in the river with other people.
You're not alone. So, Father, we just thank you, Lord. Let's pray in the spirit.
Okay, I'm going to pray in the spirit. Oh, we're praying for the man to be caught.
Okay, for this, there's more than one. The Lord showed me there's more than one.
I've seen up to four people involved. One shooter, four people.
I've seen four different individuals involved concerning this man that took out Charlie. Okay.
So, we're going to pray for all four people in some capacity of how they were involved in this to be brought to justice.
They're even guilty by association in my opinion, you know.
Father, I thank you, Lord. Okay, so then I'm going to give you this assignment, too. If you live in Chicago, listen to me.
If you live in Chicago, if you live in Boston, if you live in Washington, D.C., if you live in New York—where's the other one?
There's five. D.C.? No, Philadelphia. These five cities, pray hard. Pray hard. Do you hear me?
This is very serious, more than anything I've ever asked you to pray over: Washington, D.C., New York City, Boston, Massachusetts, Chicago, and there's one more, Philadelphia—the City of Brotherly Love, Philadelphia.
Very serious cities to pray over right now. Hot spots, very serious.
All five, pray like you've never prayed if you live in that area, and pray a covering over that area.
You understand? I cannot go into detail concerning this. It's very serious. That's all I can tell you.
And if you know me enough, if I don't bring it up on a public platform, you know me enough if you've been on this channel that long, you know it's something very serious, okay?
It's worse than anything I've ever seen before. I can tell you that.
So, and I'm not trying to tell you in fear. I'm telling you to pray.
Pray and ask the Spirit of the Lord to give you discernment in praying over your area.
If you live in those cities, drive down the streets and pray in the spirit.
If you pray in the spirit and plead the blood over your city, it will be life and death.
You understand? Okay. I feel like I'm okay to say that. Yep. Use your authority for him.
We plead the blood over this nation today. We plead the blood over this nation today.
The Lord said, 'You can say this part right here.'Okay, now listen to this.
When I was in the spirit, from the west to the east, I could hear five angels'voices singing, 'Woe, woe, woe, America, for a great shaking is coming.
Woe, America.'And as they shouted from the west to the east, their voices sounded like thunder above the heavens. And as they spoke, 'Woe, woe, woe, America.
Woe to you,'the thunders shook the heavens, and I could hear their voices thundering above the United States of America, and it was shaking the clouds as they spoke.
Their voices sounded like thunder: 'For a great shaking to awaken is coming.'And He said, 'The storm is no longer coming.
It is here. The storm is no longer coming. It is here.'I heard them say—five angels, five—and they said, 'Woe, woe, woe, America.
Woe to you.'And the thundering in the sky was so loud as their voices rang from west to east.
You know how I knew it was west to east? The way the sound wave was carried across America.
I could hear it when I was in the spirit. And it was so thunderous and so loud.
You know how you hear fireworks or firecrackers or bombs in the sky?
It made my flesh tremble as I heard five of them say at the same time.
And how I know it was five is because I could pinpoint each voice precisely, that it was five.
And I could hear them, and as the thunders roared above the skies, I could see it.
It looked like light, and it sounded like thunder and lightning, and I told Diana I've never experienced anything like that.
And then as they said, 'The storm is not coming; it is here. Pray,'then they showed me what I was shown.
The Lord said I can say this: 'On the West Coast, I saw a major volcano going off.'The Lord said as long as I can say these things—these are about natural events.
I saw a volcano going off. I saw an earthquake so big in California and some of these areas that went up, that it actually formed a crack in the Earth's surface.
The earthquake was so big. That's what it looked like whenever I was praying.
And I heard, 'Woe, woe, woe, America.'So, we'll go back to praying now.
Stay open. There is no place for you to hide. There is no place for you to hide.
I call you to be found in the name of Jesus. I send angels and assistance.
Angels, aid and assistance concerning this man, concerning these men. We call them in in the name of Jesus.
Father, we call forth wisdom over the FBI, over Homeland Security, over our law enforcement, over the sheriff's department.
We call all hidden things to be revealed, even in the places of a cave or a cabin or any other place.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus that there is an exposing of darkness in this nation, an exposing of darkness, a rising up of this evil.
And we cut the head of the snake off in the name of Jesus. We will not have this in the name of Jesus over our nation. Father, we pray over our president.
We pray, Father, right now for a hedge of protection over our president right now in the name of Jesus, over JD Vance.
We pray a hedge of protection around and about them, over the children, over Don Jr.
in particular, for sure. We pray over Don Jr. and we say, "No weapon formed against him will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him."We pray over Kai, his daughter.
We pray a hedge of protection over this young lady right now in the name of Jesus that no weapon formed against her will prosper.
We cover her in the blood. We cover her in the blood in the name of Jesus.
Over Eric Trump, Father, over Ivanka, over all the... I don't...
Missy, is that her name? We pray over his other daughter Tiffany and over Barron.
We pray a hedge of protection over these young people in the name of Jesus, over Barron Trump.
We pray a hedge of protection all around these kids right now in the name of Jesus that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
We cover our nation and the nation's leaders. Father, I thank you, Lord, that all darkness be exposed in the name of Jesus.
Every plot, every plan, every evil, wicked endeavor would be broken and brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that there is no hole that they can hide in.
We call the holes to be uncovered in Jesus'name. Yep. Bunkers. Even bunkers.
The Lord said, "Pray over Joel Osteen today."That's what we say. We pray over Joel Osteen.
We lift him up before you, Father, that no weapon formed against his life will prosper. We pray a hedge of protection around Joel Osteen.
We pray that a thousand should fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand, but no bullets will come nigh him.
We plead the blood of Jesus over every plot, every plan of the wicked.
Father, I thank you, Lord. There's a hedge of protection around and about this man.
In the name of Jesus, we plead the blood from the top over his wife, from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We cover them in the name of Jesus, and their people would be on a heightened alert watching over the auditoriums, watching over where they are, heightened alert protecting them.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, that every plot, every plan, every scheme of the wicked would be uncovered in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord. We believe, Father, that they're protected right now in the name of Jesus.
They're protected right now in the name of Jesus. Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
It falls to the ground right now in the name of Jesus. Every tongue, it's a boomerang.
It goes back on them double. It's a boomerang. It goes back on them double.
Do you hear me? It goes back on you double. Every tongue that rises against us, it goes back on you double.
You can't curse whom God has blessed. You can't curse. A curse without a cause cannot stand.
A curse without a cause cannot stand. So it goes back on you double.
You cannot touch whom God has blessed. You cannot touch whom God has blessed.
I'm blessed in the city. I'm blessed in the field. I'm blessed coming in.
And I'm blessed going out. That stands for me and my wife and my children.
I don't know who you are, but I'm just letting you know. It's so funny.
Father, we thank you, Lord. I thank you, Father. I thank you that my warring angel is always watching over me. I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Father, that Big George is always watching over us and he has his sword and his shield drawn, ready to cut off those devils'heads.
Thank you, Father. No weapon formed against us will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it. Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. We've got the victory. We've got the victory.
Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. We've got the victory. We've got the victory.
Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world.
Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world.
You believe that? Do you either believe it or you don't? Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world.
A thousand shall fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, but it will not come nigh.
That's for every single one of us, my wife and my children and me.
No weapon formed against us will prosper. That stands for those two as we uncover this onion with layers.
That's very foolish. You're very foolish. You don't know who you're messing with. Father, I thank you, Lord. I thank you, Lord.
Father, we give you praise and glory right now in the name of Jesus, Father, for protecting Joel Osteen, for protecting him in the name of Jesus.
From the top of his head to the soles of his feet, he's protected. Now, we pray over Steven Furtick.
We pray over Steven Furtick that he is protected from the top of his head to the soles of his feet. No weapon formed against this man would prosper.
A thousand shall fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him or his children or his wife.
We pray a hedge of protection around Steven Furtick and over Joel.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's a protection around these men.
Thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus, that Father, we as the body, we believe that our leaders are protected in the church, that we don't want any harm to come around any of them, but these ones specifically, Lord, protect them in the name of Jesus from a plot and a plan.
Okay, not for fear but for protection and prayer. Do you understand?
We thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for your protection.
We thank you, Lord, for your glory. We thank you, Lord, for how good you've been to us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever. For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
Today, we plead the blood of Jesus over us today. We plead the blood of Jesus all over this nation.
All around this nation, we cover Philadelphia. We cover Philadelphia in the blood.
We cover Philadelphia right now in the name of Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that every plot, every plan, Father, is uncovered.
We cover Chicago. We uncover every dark thing in the name of Jesus.
We pray over Trump locations. We pray over every Trump location in the name of Jesus.
All throughout the United States of America, we plead the blood of Jesus over every hotel, every business, place of business, golf courses.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that everything that he has as an asset of his businesses, Father, is covered in the name of Jesus from every plot, every plan from the wicked in the name of Jesus.
We cover Washington, D.C. We thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord.
Over Washington, D.C., we pray over Washington, D.C., we cover in the name of Jesus over that city.
A great covering over Washington, D.C., in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, over New York, over the Hudson River, over these areas. We cover it in the blood.
And we thank You, Lord, that there are angels on assignment over these areas in the name of Jesus, for a great protection is over New York, and that the people would rise up and vote right.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that their eyes would be flooded with light and they would vote right.
That there wouldn't be many 9/11 events all over America. Father, there would be a covering over our nation.
We thank You, Lord, for our nation. We thank You, Lord. We pray over Boston.
We pray over these areas, Father, Boston. We thank You, Lord, that Boston is protected in the name of Jesus.
Thank You, Father. Thank You, Lord. We pray over Dallas. We pray over Austin.
Remember the school down there. We pray over the Austin school where the Longhorns play.
We pray over that college campus where the Longhorns are. We pray over their tailgate parties.
We thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against them will prosper over their tailgate parties.
We thank You, Lord, there's a covering all around that campus right now in the name of Jesus.
We pray a hedge of protection all around Austin, over Alabama, the University of Alabama.
We cover Alabama. We cover these areas over Virginia. We cover these schools in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord. Well, You know all of them, Lord, but in particular where the threats have been made.
Father, I thank You, Lord, there's a hedge of protection all around these schools.
Father, I thank You, Lord. There's a fire all around us to protect us.
Father, I thank You, Lord. The Holy Ghost and fire. There's a Holy Ghost and fire all around us.
There's a Holy Ghost and fire just inside of America, let alone outside.
But all this other outside that I'm seeing, I mean, like I said, there's so many fires.
There's so many things to pray over. I've never seen it like this before.
But I thank You, Lord, that that man is brought to justice, Father, getting on track, Father, that that man and every accomplice, every person who is aiding and abetting him—no, aiding and abetting, you know, like whenever they're hiding him, if they're trying to hide him, we call them exposed.
We call them exposed. Father, we thank You, Lord. Anyone that is helping him hide, this man, we call them exposed in the name of Jesus.
If he's hiding in their house, if he's hiding in their place of business, we call for an exposing in Jesus'name.
Confusion in the enemy's camp. Confusion in the enemy's camp. Father, we thank You, Lord. This is not too big for You.
You're able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
And we believe, Father, we believe, Father, that we receive this done right now in the name of Jesus.
Harboring. Harboring. Yes, harboring. That's the word. Aiding and abetting.
Uh-huh, harboring. Yeah, harboring. We say anybody that's harboring him, harboring, hiding him.
Yep, anybody who is harboring this man in any way, we thank You, Lord, that they are exposed and brought to justice, concealing him in any way, abetting or aiding.
Yes, we thank You, Father. We thank You, Lord. And every person, every person who was a part of this, Father, would be exposed and brought to justice.
accomplices—anybody who was an accomplice to this, we thank You, Father. We thank You, Lord. Nothing's too big for You.
You said, 'Whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them and you shall have them.'We believe it and we receive it in Jesus'name.
We receive it by faith in Jesus'name. We receive it by faith and an exposing of darkness in our nation, exposing of these radical people that want to hurt people.
We call an exposing of darkness in the name of Jesus in every area, all government plots on the Democrats'or the Republicans'side.
We want peace. We want peace. Far right, far left, it doesn't matter. Anybody who wants to kill, steal, and destroy and act dumb.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that every plot, every plan would be uncovered.
Like the young man that would hurt the kids in the Catholic church, he had devils.
So, Father, I thank You, Lord, that this is an exposing of darkness.
Even what I saw in Denver, Father, I thank You, Lord, that everything, every plot, every plan is uncovered in Jesus'name.
Thank You, Lord. Thank You, Father. Thank You, Lord. Thank You, Lord.
We give You praise, Father. Father, we give You praise for it, Lord.
Thank You, Father. We consider it done. You're such a good God.
You're such a good God. We thank You, Lord, that You're warring on our behalf.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the angels that are warring on our behalf. Thank You, Lord, bringing in the unsaved.
We call forth the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before, from sea to shining sea, all around this world.
We call in the name of Jesus the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before, as we're all represented here as believing believers.
Thank You, Father. We praise You, Father, that there's nothing missing, nothing broken in every person's life here tonight.
They're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus, from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
Thank You, Father. Glory to God. He can stay open. He can stay.
Okay. The week of the 23rd, it's highlighted. The whole week is highlighted.
This is a hot spot week. Okay, the week of the 23rd. I see this week highlighted to me. There's so many people focused on it.
I'm telling you, the Holy Spirit just highlighted the whole week, the whole block, every single day of the 23rd on—of course, the 22nd, 21st, but I'm saying the day of the 23rd is highlighted to me.
It's bolded. Okay? So when I'm praying in the Spirit, then I hit that river and it's over that week.
So not this next week, but the next week. So basically two weeks from what I see. Okay, I see it now.
Yeah, it doesn't start until the 23rd, like right here when you see that calendar, it was highlighted. But this is a high time.
There's something—it's circled, but it's not concerning the rapture, that's not what I'm talking about.
I'm talking about there's something evil plotted. Okay, darkness is plotting something this week.
Darkness is plotting something this week. That's all I will say.
I probably already said too much, but that week is highlighted.
We pray over New York City. Okay, where is the UN at? Okay, I see fires. I see fire on those days. I see fires.
They're actually like the calendar has been set on fire on those days.
We can stay open. Amen. The day that everything changes. The day that everything changes.
It's a day of the point of no return. The day that everything changes.
Everything that you know is about to change. Everything that you know is about to change.
The point of no return. We've entered into the point of no return.
The beginning of the push. The beginning of the push. I see those four doves again.
I see the four doves, but this time, as the decisions will be made, I see the four doves circling again.
It's about the 23rd. The 23rd is highlighted to me. The 23rd is highlighted to me.
It's the point of no return. Everything is going to change so quickly. I don't even know why I'm crying over it. It's so serious.
If you really truly realize where we are on a scale of eternity, there's certain days, there's certain weeks, you can feel it.
They're so strong. And when I got to the 23rd, when I got to that week, it's highlighted so strong.
But then I saw fires on the days after; there's fires. And each one of those calendar days became on fire.
Now, I don't know if that's Holy Ghost and fire or if that's danger. I'm trying to see.
But I'm telling you, as I see the 23rd, I see fires, and I see New York, and it looks like a storm.
And there's light. There's light over here, and there's so much darkness over here.
And there's four doves. There's four doves again. And I don't know why I keep seeing those four doves.
But the urgency for the souls of man—we're running out of time.
Most people don't realize that we're at the edge of the waterfall, that this dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
It's not just life status as it is. Everything is about to change.
An acceleration of things like you've never seen before. The point of no return, where it's time to push.
As labor pains upon a woman, that's what I'm referring to. As labor pains upon a woman, so will it be.
The labor pains are going to the point of it's time to push. The labor pains are getting that strong, right?
The baby's coming. And there's so many people that are asleep.
And when I got to that in the spirit, I can feel the urgency of the Father's heart concerning his people, to all the lost.
And that's why I weep, because I felt his heart toward the lost.
You know, when you become friends with somebody, you hurt when they hurt.
And he doesn't want that anyone should perish, but all come to repentance.
He doesn't want anyone to perish, but all come to repentance.
And in this, the time is over. You understand? We're coming close, the time is over.
We're coming to the window of that, that we're at the point of no return.
It's that time. You know, it's like, you know what? The time's up.
The hourglass is empty. And there's so many people that don't know him. God's not out of mercy, folks. He's out of time.
There's certain things that have been set in motion in the spirit realm that you don't know about because it's not taught in church.
But God's not out of mercy. He's out of time. Because there's certain things.
It's like when you knock over this domino, they all keep falling.
I'm trying to explain it to you in the natural so you can grasp it with your brain, you know, and as those dominoes fall, you know that there's an end to the dominoes falling because there's only so many dominoes.
And that last domino had a reaction to push the ball over the edge.
And that's where we are right now. The ball is about to go over the edge.
And you say, 'Well, Brandon, what if we get to the 23rd and you don't see nothing?'No, it's not what you see.
It's what is in the spirit realm. And it happens in the spirit before it happens in the natural.
Everything is prayed out in the spirit before you see it in the natural.
Everything. It's absolutely beautiful. The spirit dominates the natural.
But I'm trying to tell you all where we are, that it's such a high time to pray.
Father, we thank you, Lord. We give you glory, honor, and praise, Father.
We thank you, Father, for this time of prayer. We thank you, Lord, for the time of prayer.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, that we're on the right side of this.
For the goat nations and the sheep nations will become so prevalent, they'll be so upfront and bold in the days ahead.
Who's a goat nation? Who's a sheep nation? It will be—the line will be drawn in the sand.
Forever, I see a rising sun. I see the sun coming up all over Africa.
I see a great revival coming over Africa right now as I'm praying.
I see a revival coming for Africa. I see fields full of people again.
I see fields full of people. And I see a great harvest of souls all throughout Africa.
Glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for protecting him. Thank you, Lord. Glory to God.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. All throughout Europe, all throughout, we thank you, Father.
The fire of God. Can these bones live? Can these bones live? Yes. Through the valley of bones. Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord.
The Holy Ghost and fire, the Holy Spirit and fire, all on these areas, everything from the top all the way to the bottom, all around.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord, for a fresh visitation of the Holy Spirit and fire.
We thank you, Father. We thank you, Lord. You stir up in your people. You stir them up, Father.
We stir them up in Germany and France and all throughout Italy and all the areas, Poland. And Father, we thank you, Lord.
Father, for Finland and all the stirring in the people, stirring in the name of Jesus, stirring in Spain, stirring in Jesus'name, stirring in Rome, stirring, Father, in the Catholic Church, stirring, God, we thank you, Lord, for a fresh visitation and manifestation of the glory.
Father, we thank you, all throughout Australia. All throughout Australia today as they wake up and they do their day, Father, I thank you, Lord, for a fresh fire on Australia, on their churches.
Thank you, Father. We give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
Lord, we're so thankful, Father, for everything you have in store.
We're so grateful, Father, for everything you have in store in the mighty name of Jesus.
Glory to God. We thank you, Lord, for the uncovering of this evil man that did this to him.
We thank you, Lord. Oh, I feel the presence of the Lord so strong.
I'm looking for the closing, but I feel the tingling in my fingers.
It's like electricity. It comes from here all the way down. And I can feel it in my hand and in my arm.
It's like tingling. Glory to God. I think it's amazing. I love to feel that.
So, I sit here just—it's like, well, praise the Lord, I feel it. My hands are like on fire.
I could feel them, and they're on the back of my ears just like it always, like a matchstick. Praise the Lord. We thank you, Father.
Well, if you're here tonight and you've never experienced any of this, you're like, 'I'm so hungry.
I'm so desperate. I'm wanting some change. I'm interested in Christianity. I watch these videos.
But I'm here on your livestream, and all of this seems really weird.'And I'm going to tell you, to the natural man, I'm sure it does.
I'll be real with you. If I clicked by and I wasn't a Christian, I'd go, 'Those people are kooky.'But I'm telling you, it's real.
And the Holy Spirit is real to me. But I want him to become real to you. I want Jesus Christ to become real to you.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, I'm really curious about it, and I'm willing to give it a chance.
I'm hungry. I'm desperate. I'm strung out on drugs. My marriage is bad.
She doesn't like me and I don't like her.'You know, it may be something that's just totally—you don't even want to come home from work because it's that bad.
You're like driving slow. It's a 50 and you're driving 40 because you just don't like the strife in your house. You're like, 'Man, I don't want to go home to those kids.
They don't respect me.'Your life seems to be falling apart, but you're here tonight and you're thinking, 'Man, could I have a fresh start of something new?
I don't know about Jesus.'I've heard a lot about him through media, from people talking about it, and I've heard a lot about it, but I don't personally know him.
I know a lot about him, but I don't know him personally, you know. And the bottom line is, does he know you?
And tonight you're here and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior.
As I see, we're at the end of an era, as the dispensation of grace is coming to a close.
You go, "I don't even understand all that."Well, you will if you keep sticking around.
I want you to know time as we know it is about to change forever for humanity.
But you have a window because the ark door—the Bible is like, "As in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns."The ark door, when Noah created the ark...
there was a day when the rain started to come. There was a day when the rain started, and the earth, all the water from the deep came up, and the flood was on.
It's going to be similar, but not with a flood of water. It's going to be with fire this time.
I want you to know that you're running out of time. That's what I'm trying to get to, all in a nutshell: you're running out of time.
If you're watching this video right now and you feel that tug on your heart, and you made it through all that prayer and you're just sticking around because it seemed kind of silly to you, but at the same time, you're curious about what's coming in the future.
You're curious because we believe the Lord reveals the future to us so that we can pray.
Not to flaunt it around and brag, but to pray so we can change things, or pray into it to help it.
But you're here tonight and you're like, "Man, I want to know Jesus Christ.
I want to have a relationship with him. I really want change, Brandon.
I used to be a Christian."Or you might fall in the category of, "I was saved at one time.
I was radical at one time, but I backslid and I've turned my back on the Lord.
I've been out living like the world. I'm strung out. I've got a broken marriage. I've got a broken house. I'm broken in my finances.
I'm broken in all these things."You might be like that prodigal son that's laying in the pit tonight.
And you come to yourself and you thought, "If I could just go back to my father's house and just be a servant."And as that young son came back to the father's house tonight, his father was waiting with a robe and he said, "Kill the fatted calf.
Kill the fatted calf. My son's home."Tonight's your night to come home.
You've been running long enough. You need to sell out to Jesus before it's too late.
God has given you an opportunity right now as we speak to sell out and say, "Father, I'm coming home."And if that's you and you feel that tugging on the inside of you, you feel that stirring on the inside of you that tonight's your night, "I've got to come home.
I'm tired of running. I'm tired of living this way. I'm tired of living for the world and feeling like I'm kind of Christian, I'm kind of not."Well, you know, but you want to sell out to him.
"I'm all in. I need all of Jesus. I'm done with the compromise."I want to lead you in a prayer tonight. I want to pray for you.
You've fallen down, you skinned your knee, and you just want to brush it off and have a new start tonight. I want to say a prayer. I want to say a simple prayer with you.
And if this is speaking to you right now and you feel that stirring on the inside of you that you're not right with God, if you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
Are you confident that if you were to die tonight that you would go to heaven?
Are you confident tonight that you would go to heaven for eternity?
Or do you have that question in the back of your mind going, "You know what?
I don't know."This is not something to play with. There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
You need to know, "I'm confident that if I died tonight, I would go spend eternity with Him."As we all talk about Charlie, we know Charlie loved Jesus.
We know that he was sold out. He was radical. We know that the moment that his life was ended, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
I know where he's at because I heard his declaration of faith.
He was very bold about what he believed. And I want you to be bold about what you believe tonight.
Jesus died for you publicly. So I want you to be public about your relationship with Jesus.
I want you to comment in the comment section right now and tell everybody, "I want to be saved."If you want to be saved tonight, "I'm coming home."Say, "I need a fresh start."If you feel in your heart, you're watching this video right now, if you're watching this live stream right now, and you say, "I just need a fresh start.
I'm tired of running."I want you to comment in the comment section down below, and we want to pray for you right now.
I want you to put it in the comment section down below: "Jesus, I need a fresh start.
Tonight's my night. I'm turning my back on the world. I'm coming home.
I'm coming home."I want you to come home tonight. God is at the door and he's knocking on your heart right now.
And he's saying, "Will you come home? Will you come home? Will you allow me to clean up and help you with all your hurts?"He's never turned his back on you.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need. He's never turned his back on you, but you could turn your back on him. You can walk away from it.
That's why people always argue and say, "Is there a once saved always saved?"I believe if you accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, and you're walking the strait and narrow with him, there is a once saved always saved.
But you can turn your back on the gospel. You can turn your back on the things of God and say, "I don't want this anymore."That's your choice.
Are you still saved then? No. You chose to deny it. You chose to say, "I don't want it."So don't expect to go to heaven if you say, "I don't want it.
I don't want to live a Christian life. I don't want Jesus anymore."Well, that was your choice.
Just how you confessed to get him, you confessed to say, "I don't want him."That's very plain and simple.
But he's never turned his back on you. Never. So I want right now to say a prayer with you.
Diana and I will both pray with you, and I want you to repeat this prayer after me, and it's a very simple prayer.
I always say—and I told Diana—if you're here, you know we are not religious.
We are not religious. We are just about relationship. Diana and I both want a relationship with Jesus.
We're sold out and we want you to be the same way today. So this is what you're going to do.
You're going to say this prayer after me, and it's an easy prayer.
I'm telling you, I'm not a complicated person. Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I'm asking you to forgive me of my sins. I'm asking you to cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
I'm a sinner, Lord, and I need a savior. From this night forward, from this day on, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil. I turn my back on my sin. And from this day forward, I will follow you all the rest of my life.
Lord, I don't have much, but what I do have, I give it to you. Forgive me, Lord.
Wash me in your precious blood. Write my name in that Lamb's Book of Life today.
I want to be saved. Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me. I'll serve you from this day forward. Amen.
And amen."If you believe that with your whole heart and you said that, I believe that you're born again.
You confessed it. You believe he's the son of God. You believe that he died and rose again on the third day.
It's all under the blood, folks. Behold, he made all things new.
The moment you said that, you came home tonight. You sold out to Jesus.
I'm excited for your decision. You're not here by coincidence.
You're here for a purpose. And I believe that today you gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
Now, what do you do? You find a Bible-believing church. I would say a non-denominational church. That's where I would go. That's where Diana and I would go.
A non-denominational church that's spirit-filled, that speaks in tongues, believes in the baptism of the Holy Spirit, believes in radical things.
You don't want to go to a lukewarm church that's boring. Go to a church that's on fire for Jesus so that you don't fall away and go back into the world because you're not keeping that fire lit.
You're not keeping yourself stirred up. You have to keep on the vine. He's the vine, we're the branch.
And you've got to keep that branch on the vine because if you cut a branch off, it dies over time.
So as long as you're staying on the vine, as long as you're staying on the source, you're not going to have a problem with your Christian walk.
The problem is that people separate themselves from Him. And the moment you separate yourself from the Father, there's death in it.
There's death without Jesus. Spiritual death comes when you cut yourself off from the source, and He is the source.
So we stay on the vine, okay? So, how do you do that? You read your Bible every single day and pray.
You go to a church that I'm talking about, that's radical. Don't go to a church that's all lukewarm.
You go into a church and you're going, "I'm not getting fed here."Then find a place where you're getting fed.
Get stirred up. Come here and pray with us every single day when we pray, or whenever we have time.
You know we do these videos, pray, come and pray with us, be a part of this YouTube channel.
Then tell the pastor at the church you go to, the one I'm talking about finding, tell somebody on the staff, say, "Listen, I got born again on YouTube.
I watched this video and I got born again, and I need to be water baptized."Go get water baptized.
Get excited about it. Plug yourself in there. Go Wednesdays and Sundays.
Get plugged into that church. Be excited about going and finding out about this new life.
You know what decision did you just make? You became a Christian today.
You're a born-again Christian today. We had two Jewish people get born again last night.
Two Jewish people gave their heart to Jesus Christ last night.
We are so excited about the two Jewish people that gave their heart to Jesus Christ.
Was that amazing? Then did we have an atheist? I don't remember.
I know we've had a bunch of different people from all around that gave their heart to Jesus even last night, but I was excited about the two Jewish people.
I said, "Look at that."So, if you're here again tonight, brothers and sisters, I don't remember what your names were, but you told us you got born again last night, and you were wondering about what Bible to have and all that.
I'm excited for you, for the Jewish family that got born again last night watching this broadcast. Very excited for you.
But that's what this is all about: pulling people out of the pits of hell, telling them there's hope for their life.
That's why we do this, to give you hope, because we've been there.
We've been where we feel alone, and there's no reason for you to ever feel alone.
You've come to a family on a YouTube channel, and we're one of the largest praying churches—I want to call us on YouTube, that's what I call us.
We have one of the largest prayer groups on YouTube. And I'm so grateful for every single one of you that come and be a part of this YouTube channel every single time we do this live.
It's such a blessing. There's so many of you that call us home, say, "You're our pastor, Brandon.
You're our minister."And I take that as such an honor. I truly take great humility in that.
I don't even know what to say. I'm like, "Wow, me? Wow. Thank you.
Thank you for trusting your heart to us, to pray with us, and we promise we try never to let you down."It's only by the grace of God that we do what we do anyway.
But we're so thankful for every single one of you that show up and want to pray with us.
We believe that Jesus Christ sent us to tell you that time is running out, and we're so thankful.
Now, if you can't afford a Bible, we want to celebrate your new life today. We want to give a Bible to you.
If you got born again on this channel—now, that's the stipulation: if you can't afford a Bible, and you got born again on this channel, you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ on this channel, we want to give you a Bible for free.
That's our gift to you just to tell you we love you. We're supporting your decision today.
We just want to tell you, "Hey, we're in your corner. We're praying for you.
We believe that God has a purpose for your life, and it's a good one, it's a blessed one."So, we want to bless you with a Bible.
And so, if you're here, Diana, tell them how to get that Bible.
Yes. Well, first of all, congratulations. It's the most important day of your life.
You just gave your heart to the Lord. So, if you look down in the description, you'll find our email address.
And in the subject line, just put, "I can't afford a Bible."Then, put your address and your name in the body of the email.
And we will not use it for anything else other than to send you a Bible through Amazon.
We usually give the New King James Version, but we also have the King James Version, the Amplified, the New Living Translation, and the NIV.
So, if you have a preference, you can put that also in the email.
Otherwise, we'll just get you the New King James Version. So, that's the one we read.
Yeah. I'm going to tell you, not every Bible translation right now is good.
There's a lot of things that they're coming out with that they're adding to and taking away from the Word. And that's very dangerous.
You need to be very cautious because in this modern era, everybody is thinking they can add to it and make it better.
You're not going to change the Word and make it better. The Word of God is perfect, period.
You're not going to add to the Word and make it any better. It's perfect.
So don't take away from the Word, and don't be adding stuff to the Word. I don't know what they're thinking. It is crazy.
I'm just like, "What are you doing touching the Word of God?"Just stick with what is.
It's pure. It's living. It's alive. There's nothing you're going to do better through it.
But I don't know what these people get. It's the devil, is what it is.
So, I want you to be very careful what kind of version you use.
I didn't realize they were doing that until I got told that, and I was like, "Oh."If you look on the Bible app online, there's a list of Bible translations I've never even heard of.
There's ones being added big now, like every year they add new ones.
Yes, it's pretty crazy. Just leave it alone. You know, the New King James is what I would read.
I mean, personally, that New Living is good if you don't understand, but I'm just trying to tell people because people get real bent out of shape if they go, "I want the most original translation."Well, that's the King James.
And so, the King James is probably the best if you want the original, you know.
But I just want to encourage you all: keep reading your Bibles. Get a foundation of the Word of God inside of your heart.
Have that down in there so much so that if they were to come and take your Bible away from you, you have enough Word inside of you that could sustain you.
Just say, "Listen, I've got it hidden down in my heart that I might not sin against Him."But if you don't have this Bible as a pillar in your life, you're in trouble for what I've seen coming.
You're in trouble. And I don't say that to scare you; I try to prepare you. You must know the Word.
It cannot be just, "Well, you know, I read it,"but you didn't make it a part of your life.
You can read something and it doesn't become a foundation. You know what I'm talking about?
Or you built something on something, and you tore it apart. You looked through it and you thought, "Man, what's the Greek say about it?
What's this say about?"And you pull it apart. That's what Diana does.
Now, I've had learning disabilities and things that I've overcome, y'all.
And I just listen to it on my phone because it's hard for me sometimes to comprehend what I'm reading because of what I've overcome. But I listen to it and I get it.
And that's why I think when I heard Charlie doing those messages, I was so jealous of how amazing he could quote Scripture, and I thought, "Wow, what a gift from God."You know, that's what's such a tragedy about him going home yesterday.
But I'm going to tell you, God's not finished with Charlie's work. Charlie's work went into each individual person here.
And I believe the people who benefited from Charlie's ministry, it is still growing on the inside of you.
And I believe this is the Word of God. That's what the bottom line is: the Word of God never returns void.
The Word of God always grows and it becomes life in your life.
And I've seen the fruit of that in Charlie's life. I watched that.
Wasn't it amazing when he would say some of the stuff I heard him say?
And I believe God will raise up new Charlies, new people. It's not done, folks.
When a general goes home, it doesn't mean the work's done. It just means He's raising up another general to take the spot.
When a general dies in war, it doesn't mean the war is over. He raises up a new general to run the race. He says, "It's your job now. Run.
Don't allow the general's life to go in vain to the point where you go, 'What was the point?'where he gets up there and goes, 'Hey y'all, keep running the race.
Keep fighting the fight. We fight the fight and we finish our course.
We kept the faith. Keep the faith. Finish the race. Do what God's called you to do. Be the Charlie in your generation still.'"Yes.
And I believe with all my heart that God has raised every single one of you up for such a time as this.
You may not be polished and speaking like he was, but you have something that he doesn't have.
Do you understand? You are special in your own right. You have your own special gift inside of you.
And you've just got to polish it up and figure out what God's called you to do.
You may be the best pie maker, the best cookie maker, or whatever it is.
And you could fund the gospel by selling your pies or selling your cookies.
It may not be speaking, is what I'm trying to say. Not everybody's called to speak behind a pulpit.
Not everybody is, but somebody's called to maybe bake a cake and sell it, and support the gospel and support the preacher behind the camera.
Do you understand? Not everybody's going to be called to have a platform and talk on YouTube.
Not everybody is. But somebody might be good at car washing.
Somebody might be good at filing taxes, or being an auditor, or whatever. I don't know, I'm just saying.
Somebody might be good at something, and you're called to help out with that area.
Whatever you do, in word and in deed, do all to the glory of God.
All that you do. Say, "God, I'm sold out. I'm the best yard guy. I'm the best pool cleaner.
I could be flipping burgers at McDonald's, but I'm the best burger flipper in all of this whole area, and everybody's going to see me and see that there's glory on me.
And I might not be flipping burgers that much; I might be owning the restaurant soon and have a chain of burger joints."I don't know, but whatever you do, do all to the glory of God.
And I believe God will promote you, and you won't just be like I was for so long—a janitor for 14 or 15 years.
God can do something big in your life if you just say, "Yes, Lord. Here am I."That's what I'm trying to tell you.
No matter what you're doing, be the best ditch digger in all of the county so they go, "Man, you're good at digging ditches.
We need more of you."You might say, "I don't like this,"but you know what?
Do it all to the glory of God. So, I don't know, that's what I had.
How many people are here? 51. Still quite a few. Do you have any questions at all?
I can end it there. I know we've been on here quite a while. So, thank you, Lord, that they're bringing that man to justice.
Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Do you like our new background tonight? Is that pretty cool? I changed it.
I had Braden change it from the tent to a major coliseum full of people worshiping Jesus. I thought it was kind of neat.
I told him, I said, "Make it full of people, and they're all there for a revival."I thought it was kind of cool.
I got tired of the tent. I said, "Let's do something different other than the tent.
Let's do it inside."Something more that looked like there are more people there than the tent revival, because I'm telling you, that looks like a Dallas Cowboys stadium or something.
That's a huge stadium. Well, we love you all. Could you do us a favor?
We never ask you to do anything. We never do, but this is the only thing we will ask you to do.
So, if anybody asks you in the comment section, saying we're trying to get you to give us money or invest or anything, we're here to give out, not to take from you.
Listen, we want you to subscribe by clicking the like button.
Click the subscribe button. It's free, please. It's free. All we're asking you to do is subscribe.
We're not here to sell you anything. We're not here to do anything.
We're here just to tell you Jesus loves you, and we're praying for you.
And so, if you could just subscribe, if you could like, if you could comment something nice down below—not on this, but on the other thread, because this thread is fixing to go away, and we have this new one that is fixing to go.
I told D, I said, "Well, all the comments don't go over there."So comment something nice on the new one when this thing goes public.
Yes, on the video. On the video, it helps us with the algorithm.
That's why I asked you. You know, we hit a thousand subscribers in Germany today. Is that so cool?
I was like, "Look, we got a thousand people."I told Braden, I said, "We're like apostles.
We have churches all over the place. We got a church in Germany.
We got a church in Japan. We got a church in South Korea. We got a church in, I don't know, Vietnam.
We got one in the Philippines. We got one in France. Look at us."I didn't realize that my son—we have over ten in Russia.
We have over ten channels now. Ten channels for ten churches, ten praying churches, all to the glory of God.
Is that amazing? Ten churches, ladies and gentlemen, is what we have now, is what we call them.
They're not subscribers and channels; these are churches.
So, we have ten churches throughout America—I mean, around the world—that are watching us and getting these videos.
So, Braden has a lot of work to do. We do these lives because he doesn't have to edit and do all the things he does, so he can just upload.
It saves him a lot of time when we do lives. Do you like praying with us live every day? I could do more prayer lives.
I never did them very much because it's a lot of work, but I'm trying to keep myself full and do these lives.
So, if you want us to do more of these, let us know. We really appreciate the feedback.
If you like spending time with us, I'm trying to maybe keep them under an hour.
I mean, tonight we got here and now it's after. So, we've been here a long time, but I felt a lot.
Over this month, I've been praying over it. So if you like it, support it and I'll keep doing it.
If not, then if you don't want to pray with me, I understand. You've got other things to do sometimes.
God bless you all and we'll see you again, hopefully tomorrow, maybe.
Tomorrow's Friday. Can you believe that? This week has gone by quick, but we're pushing.
We've got a lot of work to do. Thank you all for being here tonight.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon. All right, y'all.
Have a blessed day tomorrow and good night tonight. Sleep well. All right. Bye-bye.